Provide agent-side meter api (#4816)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

`profile.duration`|Max monitor segment time(minutes), if current segment monitor time out of limit, then stop it.|`10`|
`profile.dump_max_stack_depth`|Max dump thread stack depth|`500`|
`profile.snapshot_transport_buffer_size`|Snapshot transport to backend buffer size|`50`|
`meter.active`|If true, skywalking agent will enable sending meters. Otherwise disable meter report.|`true`|
`meter.report_interval`|Report meters interval|`20`|

> `meter.rate_counter_name`|Rate by agent counter meter names, spilt by ","|``|

Reviewer: I would like to remove this, but using `counter.create().mode(RATE)` to replace.

Reviewer: In MicroMeter, we could provide parameters to `SkywalkingMeterRegistry` to do similar thing.

> `meter.max_meter_size`|Max size of the meter count|`500`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`meter.max_meter_size`| Max size of the meter pool |`500`|
```

`profile.duration`|Max monitor segment time(minutes), if current segment monitor time out of limit, then stop it.|`10`|
`profile.dump_max_stack_depth`|Max dump thread stack depth|`500`|
`profile.snapshot_transport_buffer_size`|Snapshot transport to backend buffer size|`50`|

> `meter.active`|If true, skywalking agent will enable sending meters. Otherwise disable meter report.|`true`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`meter.active`|If true, the agent collects and reports metrics to the backend.|`true`|
```

> `meter.report_interval`|Report meters interval|`20`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`meter.report_interval`|Report meters interval. The unit is second|`20`|
```

* Monitor a big cluster by different SkyWalking services. Use [Namespace](Namespace.md) to isolate the context propagation. 
* Set client [token](Token-auth.md) if backend open [token authentication](../../backend/backend-token-auth.md).
* Application Toolkit, are a collection of libraries, provided by SkyWalking APM. Using them, you have a bridge between your application and SkyWalking APM agent. 
    * If you want your codes to interact with SkyWalking agent, including `getting trace id`, `setting tags`, `propagating custom data` etc.. Try [SkyWalking manual APIs](Application-toolkit-trace.md).

>     * If you want to custom meter and report to Meter System, try [SkyWalking Meter System](Application-toolkit-meter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you require customized metrics, try [SkyWalking Meter System Toolkit](Application-toolkit-meter.md).
```

    * If you want to print trace context(e.g. traceId) in your logs, choose the log frameworks, [log4j](Application-toolkit-log4j-1.x.md), 
[log4j2](Application-toolkit-log4j-2.x.md), [logback](Application-toolkit-logback-1.x.md)
    * If you want to continue traces across thread manually, use [across thread solution APIs](Application-toolkit-trace-cross-thread.md).

>     * If you want to integration MicroMeter/Spring sleuth to Meter System, use [Micrometer integration API](Application-toolkit-micrometer.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you want to forward MicroMeter/Spring Sleuth metrics to Meter System, use [SkyWalking MicroMeter Register](Application-toolkit-micrometer.md).
```
